Skip to main content

Enable accessibility for low vision

Open the accessibility menu

Skip to main content
AMD Website Accessibility Statement
AMD Logo
Products
Solutions
Resources & Support
Shop

  AI Solutions
AMD AI Solutions
AMD is driving AI innovation with the broadest AI portfolio, an open ecosystem of highly synergized technical partnerships, and leadership innovation for the data center, edge, and clients.

Fast AI Outcomes
Sustained AI Success
Trusted AI Partner
Latest Releases
Developers
Portfolio
Customer Stories

Advancing AI with End-to-End Solutions
Only AMD powers the full spectrum of AI, bringing together leadership CPUs, GPUs and other accelerators, networking, and open software to deliver unmatched flexibility and performance.

Advancing AI with End-to-End Solutions
Accelerated AI Outcomes
Prepare for AI
Scale AI Across the Enterprise
Execute AI Faster
Prepare for AI
Maximize space, power, and OPEX savings when modernizing your existing data centers.

That savings in capital and data center space opens the door to AI expansion.

teal glow line divider
Sustained AI Success
Minimize Costs
Prioritize Security
Stay Flexible
Minimize Costs
Prioritize reducing your operational costs associated with running AI in the long term.

AMD provides leadership data center CPU and GPU performance-per-watt, meaning it can take less space and power utilization and lower licensing costs to achieve the same results.

teal glow line divider
Trusted AI Partner
Broad AI Portfolio
Work with a Committed Partner
Plan with Confidence
Broad AI Portfolio
Access an end-to-end product portfolio.

AMD provides a choice of CPU, GPU, and adaptive computing solutions and is also a leading cluster-level design and product integration partner.



The Latest in AI from AMD
















    


For Developers
Find the resources you need to develop your AI applications using AMD products. Access software downloads, documentation portals, training resources, communities, support forums, and more. 


AMD ROCm Software
AMD ROCm software includes a broad set of libraries, runtimes, compilers, and tools for AI and HPC solution development on AMD GPUs.

Learn More 

AMD Vitis AI Platform
The AMD Vitis AI platform is a comprehensive AI inference development solution. It consists of a rich set of AI models, optimized deep learning processor unit cores, tools, libraries, and example designs for AI at the edge and in the data center.

Learn More 

AMD ZenDNN Library
The AMD ZenDNN library enables deep learning application and framework developers to improve AI inferencing performance on AMD EPYC processors.

Learn More 
AMD Ryzen AI Software
AMD Ryzen AI Software
Take ML models trained in PyTorch or TensorFlow and run them on select laptops powered by AMD Ryzen AI technology.

Learn More 
AMD Enterprise AI Suite
AMD Enterprise AI Suite
The AMD Enterprise AI Suite enables enterprises to go from bare metal compute to production-grade AI in minutes by connecting key open-source AI frameworks and Gen AI models with an enterprise-ready Kubernetes platform, minimizing the time from AI experimentation to large scale production on AMD compute platforms.

Learn More 
black top to carbon bottom divider
The Broadest Portfolio
AMD is the only AI technology partner that provides a choice of CPU, GPU, and adaptive computing solutions, helping ensure workload-optimized architectures with open standards giving you freedom of vendor choice. This end-to-end portfolio enables AI deployments tailored to customer needs.


AMD Instinct GPUs
Discover Instinct GPUs 

AMD EPYC Server Processors
Discover EPYC 

AMD Adaptive SoCs
Discover Adaptive SoCs 
Discover Kria™ SOM 

AMD Ryzen Processors
For Businesses 
For Consumers 

AMD Radeon Graphics Cards
Discover Radeon AI 

AMD Pensando DPU Accelerators
Discover Pensando 


AMD Silo AI Logo
Develop and Deploy Advanced AI with AMD Silo AI
AMD Silo AI enables businesses to design, build, and deploy cutting-edge AI solutions tailored to their unique needs. With deep expertise in AI model development, optimization, and deployment, Silo AI helps organizations unlock the full potential of artificial intelligence.

From foundation models to custom AI solutions, AMD Silo AI provides the technology and expertise to accelerate AI innovation, optimize performance, and seamlessly integrate AI into real-world applications. Whether you’re scaling AI workloads or developing next-generation AI-driven products, Silo AI delivers the tools to turn your AI ambitions into reality.


Customer Stories
Advanced Research
Automotive
Healthcare
Industrial
Public Sector
Telecommunications
Advanced Research
Discover how AI solutions powered by AMD are helping drive advanced research.







    

Footnotes 
Linkedin 
 Instagram 
 Facebook 
 Subscriptions
Company
About AMD
Management Team
Corporate Responsibility
Careers
Contact Us
News & Events
Newsroom
Events
Media Library
Resources
Developer Central
Blogs
Case Studies
Webinars
Explore Resources
Partners
AMD Partner Hub
Authorized Distributors
AMD University Program
Investors
Investor Relations
Financial Information
Board of Directors
Governance Documents
SEC Filings
Terms and Conditions Privacy Trademarks Supply Chain Transparency Fair & Open Competition UK Tax Strategy Cookies Policy Cookie Settings
© 2026 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
